README.md, before:

# _Forum Template_

#### A forum template that uses angular to speed up the ability to read/write forum posts.

#### By _**Alex Williams**_

### Firebase Hosting Link
_https://forums-1b1e7.firebaseapp.com/_

## Specs and Features
    1. The user must be able to enter the website and have a clear understanding of where to navigate to find a forum they want to view.

    2. The user must be able to create custom threads under specific topics, and have their thread show up within the topic's section.

    3. The user should be able to view the detailed topics page and be able to post comments for specific threads.

    4. The user must be able to read, preview, and edit all comments commited to forum posts. 

## Setup/Installation Requirements

    -Clone from Github

    -Navigate to root project directory in the terminal.

    -Input npm install into the terminal to install dependancies.

    -Create your own api-keys.ts file in the root folder and populate it with your own firebase credentials.

    -Input ng build into the terminal.

    -Input ng serve to deploy the server to localhost, or firebase deploy to deploy to your own firebase hosting.


## Development server

Run `ng serve` for a dev server. Navigate to `http://localhost:4200/`. The app will automatically reload if you change any of the source files.

## Known Bugs
_No known bugs_

## Technologies Used

_JavaScript ES6, Angular, Firebase, Node Package Manager, Bootstrap_

### License

*MIT License*

Copyright (c) 2019 **_Alex Williams_**

Commit message:

Added Javascript and General forum topics.

README.md, after:

# _Forum Template_

#### A forum template that uses angular to speed up the ability to read/write forum posts.

#### By _**Alex Williams**_

### Firebase Hosting Link
_https://forums-1b1e7.firebaseapp.com/_

## Specs and Features
    1. The user must be able to enter the website and have a clear understanding of where to navigate to find a forum they want to view.

    2. The user must be able to create custom threads under specific topics, and have their thread show up within the topic's section.

    3. The user should be able to view the detailed threads page and be able to post comments for specific threads.

    4. The user must be able to see when threads or comments are posted at all times. 

## Setup/Installation Requirements

    -Clone from Github

    -Navigate to root project directory in the terminal.

    -Input npm install into the terminal to install dependancies.

    -Create your own api-keys.ts file in the root folder and populate it with your own firebase credentials.

    -Input ng build into the terminal.

    -Input ng serve to deploy the server to localhost, or firebase deploy to deploy to your own firebase hosting.


## Development server

Run `ng serve` for a dev server. Navigate to `http://localhost:4200/`. The app will automatically reload if you change any of the source files.

## Known Bugs
_No known bugs_

## Technologies Used

_JavaScript ES6, Angular, Firebase, Node Package Manager, Bootstrap_

### License

*MIT License*

Copyright (c) 2019 **_Alex Williams_**
